_quotations/quotes.md, before:

---
quotes:
  - section: about
    quote: "Whenever I am asked what is the missing link between a promising businessperson and a successful one, mentoring comes to mind."
    author: "Richard Branson (Founder & CEO, The Virgin Group)"
    source: "The Virgin Blog"
    url: "http://www.virgin.com/richard-branson/the-importance-of-mentoring"
  - section: mentors
    quote: "An essential first step in a successful mentoring relationship is for both the mentor and mentee to identify, define, and honestly articulate their common and individual goals and motives."
    author: "Susan E. Metros & Catherine Yang"
    source: "Cultivating Careers (Chapter 5)"
    url:  "http://www.amazon.com/Cultivating-Careers/dp/0967285356/sr=1-1/qid=1156875480/ref=sr_1_1/103-4787226-7314204?ie=UTF8&s=books"
  - section: schedule
    quote: "Do or do not. There is no try."
    author: "Yoda"
    source: The Empire Strikes Back
    url: "http://www.starwars.com/films/star-wars-episode-v-the-empire-strikes-back"
  - section: sponsors
    quote: “It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.”
    author: "Naomi Williams"
    source: Inc.com
---

Commit message:

all sections now have a quote.

_quotations/quotes.md, after:

---
quotes:
  - section: mentors
    quote: "Whenever I am asked what is the missing link between a promising (business)person and a successful one, mentoring comes to mind."
    author: "Richard Branson (Founder & CEO, The Virgin Group)"
    source: "The Virgin Blog"
    url: "http://www.virgin.com/richard-branson/the-importance-of-mentoring"
  - section: schedule
    quote:  “Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen.”
    author: "Brene Brown"
    source: "Daring Greatly"
    url:  "http://www.amazon.com/Daring-Greatly-Courage-Vulnerable-Transforms/dp/1592407331"
  - section: about
    quote: "When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you’ll be successful."
    author: "Eric Thomas, the Hip-Hop Preacher"
    source: Secrets to Success (Part I)
    url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fsm-QbN9r8"
  - section: sponsors
    quote: “It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.”
    author: "Naomi Williams"
    source: "Inc.com"
  - section: register
    quote: 'Time is a created thing. To say "I don’t have time" is like saying "I don’t want to."'
    author: "Lao Tzu"
    source: Tao Te Ching
    url: "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/2622245.Lao_Tzu"
  - section: contact
    quote: "How can we speak powerfully to make change in the world?"
    author: "Julian Treasure"
    source: TED
    url: "https://www.ted.com/talks/julian_treasure_how_to_speak_so_that_people_want_to_listen"
  - section: thanks
    quote: "On the other hand, human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so."
    author: "Douglas Adams"
    source: Last Chance to See
    url: "http://amzn.com/0345371984"
---
